Interpolate vagrantfile_template on Vagrant post-processor (#9923)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/docs/builders/docker.mdx

@include 'builder/docker/Config-not-required.mdx'

## Build Shared Information Variables

> This builder generates data that are shared with provisioner and post-processor via build function of [template engine](/docs/templates/engine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This build shares generated data with provisioners and post-processors via [template engines](/docs/templates/engine)
```

for JSON and [contextual variables](/docs/from-1.5/contextual-variables) for HCL2.

The generated variable available for this builder is:

> - `ImageSha256` - When committing a container to an image, this will give the image SHA256. Because the image is not available at the provision step,

Author: @nywilken and also the docs 👍

> this variable is only available for post-processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this variable is only available for post-processors.
```
